[LSP0 and LSP9] document 2 steps process for `renounceOwnership` + add requirement in `transferOwnership` (#119)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md

MUST be called only by `owner()`.

> MUST verify if `newOwner` is different from `address(this)`

Reviewer: MUST check that `newOwner` is different from `address(this)` ? maybe

> MUST check that `newOwner` is different from `address(this)`

Reviewer 2: _Suggest changes_

This might read better.

```suggestion
The `newOwner` MUST NOT be `address(this)`
```

MUST emit a [`OwnershipTransferred`](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-173#specification) event once the new owner has claimed ownership of the contract.

#### renounceOwnership

```solidity
function renounceOwnership() public;
```
Renounces ownership of the contract in 2 steps. Can only be called by the owner.

> 

Reviewer: MUST be called only by the owner.

MUST emit a [`OwnershipTransferred`](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-173#specification) event once the new owner has claimed ownership of the contract.

#### renounceOwnership

```solidity
function renounceOwnership() public;
```

MUST be called only by `owner()`.

> MUST renounce ownership of the contract if and only if the `renounceOwnership(..)` function is called twice.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should start the sentence with the word "MUST".

MUST is used to mention a mandatory requirement.

Here, this sentence is to describe the function. So I would suggest more something like this:

```suggestion
Leaves the contract without an owner. Once ownership of the contract is renounced, it MUST NOT be possible to call the functions restricted to the owner only.

Since renouncing ownership a sensitive operation, it SHOULD be done as a two step process by calling  `renounceOwnership(..)` twice. First to initiate the process, second as a confirmation.

_Requirements:_

- MUST be called only by the `owner()` only.
- second call MUST happen after a delay of 100 blocks from the first `renounceOwnership(..)` call.
- If the second call was not done in another 100 blocks after the delay, the renounce ownership phase should be reset.
```

> The second call MUST happen after a delay of 100 blocks from the first `renounceOwnership(..)` call.

Reviewer 2: this is a good explanatory sentence 👍  it's easy to read and understand.

MUST emit a [`OwnershipTransferred`](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-173#specification) event once the new owner has claimed ownership of the contract.

#### renounceOwnership

```solidity
function renounceOwnership() public;
```

Leaves the contract without an owner. Once ownership of the contract is renounced, it MUST NOT be possible to call the functions restricted to the owner only.

Since renouncing ownership is a sensitive operation, it SHOULD be done as a two step process by calling  `renounceOwnership(..)` twice. First to initiate the process, second as a confirmation.

_Requirements:_

- MUST be called only by the `owner()` only.

> - The second call MUST happen within a delay of 100 blocks from the first `renounceOwnership(..)` call.

Reviewer 3: Please correct. It has to happen AFTER the delay if 100 blocks and then within the next 100 blocks
